[Music]
ten places science can't explain the
scientific community has made great
strides in discovering a lot about the
planet we call home yet there's still so
much we don't know in this video we'll
tell you about ten of the most
mysterious and bewildering places on
earth that even scientists can't explain
and if you love eye-opening videos that
let you see the world from a new
perspective subscribe to our channel
here on the bright side you'll find tons
of answers to life's biggest mysteries
just be sure to turn on post
notifications otherwise you might miss
something really thrilling right 10
skeleton Lake hidden among nature's and
snow-covered mountains in the
breathtaking Himalayas you can find the
picturesque group kuntu Lake with a
depth of just six and a half feet this
lake is situated 16,000 feet above sea
level
sounds like a must-see place right your
opinion might change once you find out
about the haunting secret in the lake
shallow waters every year when the snow
and frozen water melt it reveals 300
skeletons dumped in the lake
scientists have put forward numerous
theories concerning these remains that
date back to 850 see the probable causes
of death range from starvation and
unknown diseases to a violent hailstorm
that left the travellers no chances of
surviving huge chunks of ice falling
from the sky whatever brought on these
deaths scientists are still utterly
perplexed 9 the heads Dylan lights you
can observe this puzzling phenomenon in
Norway's Heslin Valley where some highly
unusual lights can often be seen in the
sky the lights appear mostly at night
and are typically white they do
occasionally turn yellowish or reddish
and nobody knows what makes them change
color
what's even more puzzling is that the
lights can move one moment they seem to
be motionlessly hanging midair and the
next they're traveling somewhere at
lightning speed they appear completely
at random in different places and you
can't predict the duration of their stay
despite all the research that's been
done since 1983 scientists are still
unable to explain this phenomena as well
as such weird light behavior 8 lake
anjikuni lake anjikuni is situated in
none of a canada along with the kazan
river with abundant trout and pike in
the lake waters this place is ideal for
fishing seems like the perfect picture
of a northern paradise doesn't it well
go ahead and check it out as long as you
don't mind disappearing one day that's
what happened to a small colony of 30
men women and children in 1930 Canadian
fur trapper Joe LaBelle came to a
village located on the shore of the lake
to find a completely deserted the
usually boisterous Huskies were eerily
quiet there was no smoke over the
chimneys in some homes labelled even
found unfinished meals still lying on
the dining table there were no signs of
a struggle invasion or mass exit since
pretty much all of the homes were well
stocked with food and weapons it looked
as if people simply vanished into thin
air this mystery has never been solved 7
The Devil's sea probably everybody has
found themselves marveling at the
mystery of the Bermuda Triangle but not
many people know that there's another
not so famous but just as deadly
triangle if you draw three lines
connecting Osaka Japan Manila
Philippines and Guam that would roughly
be the area of the devil sea also known
as the dragon's triangle still some
folks call it the Pacific Bermuda
Triangle
since ships and planes tend to disappear
there with the same regularity as its
North Atlantic counterpart the devil sea
is actually kind of situated exactly
opposite to the Bermuda Triangle hmm I
wonder if there's a connection anyway
people also report seeing ghost ships in
the open sea and while scientists
provide logical reasons for the
vanishing vessels and aircraft most
people still believe in the paranormal
nature of the dragon
triangle so which side are you on six
the Lake Michigan triangle
there's one more triangle even fewer
people are aware of you won't find it in
any sea or ocean but on a lake more
specifically on Lake Michigan the Lake
Michigan triangle has been gaining its
notorious reputation since 1891 that's
the year when the thomas hume schooner
started its way across the lake it
didn't make it to its final destination
since the ship disappeared along with
its crew of seven sailors no trace of
the ship has ever been found but that's
not all in 1921 though Rosabelle was
discovered after its continuous
disappearance it was overturned with 11
casualties trapped inside it looked as
if the ship had been in a collision but
there was no other wrecked or damaged
vessel Captain George our daughter
simply vanished from his cabin in 1937
while guiding his schooner through the
winter waters of the lake he retired to
his cabin to rest but when a crew member
came to inform him that the port was
near the cabin was locked from the
inside
and the captain was nowhere to be found
in 1950 the 58 people on board Northwest
Airlines flight 2501 were never seen
again after the plane crashed into Lake
Michigan
the cause of the catastrophe still
remains a mystery and the plane wreckage
has never been located five Magnetic
Hill among all the amazing sights ladakh
in northern India has to offer one spot
attracts the biggest number of people on
a road approximately 20 miles away from
the town of leh you'll find what's known
as the Magnetic Hill of Ladakh the most
bewildering thing about this road is
that it definitely goes uphill but if
you turn off the engine of your car and
leave it in neutral your vehicle will
start climbing ahead possibly at a speed
of 12 miles per hour it's believed that
this phenomenon is due to a magnetic
force powerful enough to pull cars up
hill this place is notoriety is so
widespread that even airplanes flying
over the spot gain
altitude to prevent any magnetic
interference for the devil's kettle the
devil's kettle is a mystifying waterfall
in Minnesota's judge CR Magni State Park
the rural river flows through the park
and drops from a height of 800 feet
creating numerous waterfalls one is a
particular interest about a mile before
the River empties into Lake Superior a
rocky outcrop splits into two and while
the eastern flow drops 50 feet down and
keeps flowing into the lake the western
part travels 10 feet down into a giant
hole and vanishes this hole has come to
be known as the devil's kettle in fact
no one knows where the water disappears
to there might be an exit somewhere
beneath Lake Superior but this theory
doesn't hold up against criticism
researchers have dropped countless
ping-pong balls bright dyes and other
trackable objects into the hole yet none
of them have ever been rediscovered 3
the Petoskey crater located in Siberia
the Petoskey crater is described as a
mound with a perfectly circular shape
it's as big as a 25 story building sits
right in the middle of a wooded area
with its top chopped off and presents
quite a sight in fact the form of the
crater is pretty bizarre at 270 feet
tall and 500 feet wide the cone has a
rounded inner dome that itself is about
40 feet high upon first glance this
formation looks kinda like a volcano but
once you examine it more closely you
realize that it's not at all what it
seems for one the dome in the center of
the cone is extremely unusual for a
volcano plus there haven't been any
volcanoes in this region for millions of
years and this thing is estimated to be
just 250 years old
it's weird shape is like nothing
scientists have ever seen this along
with the fact that any Theory fails to
explain the origin of the formation adds
to the mystery around it
and that's not even the most mystifying
part after researchers analyzed the
growth rings of the trees near the
crater they found out that the trees
experienced a strangely accelerated
growth spurt that lasted for about 40
years after that they went back to
growing normally this same phenomenon
has been witnessed only in one other
situation after the Chernobyl nuclear
disaster and the level of radiation near
the crater is much higher than in nearby
areas scientists cannot explain any of
this what's particularly eerie is that
nothing rose on it and that might be due
to the fact that the crater has a lovely
habit of constantly shifting it rises
and falls under the influence of some
inexplicable force as for what the
locals think they believe that evil
dwells in this place to the boiling
River there was an old Amazonian legend
that told of a river that burnt so hot
that it could kill and that's exactly
what most people took it for nothing
more than a legend all experts were
convinced that it wasn't physically
possible
sure really hot rivers do exist but only
in areas where there's volcanic activity
as for the part of the country mentioned
in the legend there aren't any volcanoes
there
well geothermal scientist Andre ruzo
kept an open mind and decided to
investigate the matter for himself in
2011 he actually found the legendary
River and to his surprise it really was
steaming hot at a temperature of 187
degrees Fahrenheit it's not exactly
boiling but it's pretty close but what
shocked the researcher the most was the
size of the river one would assume that
the almost boiling water was the result
of the activity of an underwater hot
spring but thermal pools are always
small while this river is a whopping 82
feet wide and 20 feet deep on top of
that it carries it's extremely hot
waters over a distance of nearly four
miles this is the only River of its kind
on our planet
and nobody has the slightest idea how it
appeared one the dancing forest Russia
makes our list once again with yet
another mystery located on the thin
caronian spit that divides the Baltic
Sea from the caronian Lagoon is one of
the strangest places on earth locals
call it the dancing forest and it's no
wonder the pine trees in this forest
have shockingly unusual shapes they
twist in spirals and circles along the
ground some travelers state that this
site looks astoundingly like the area
near Chernobyl where pines that started
growing just after the nuclear disaster
also got tied in weird loops and knots
however there seemed to be no problems
with radiation in the area surrounding
the dancing forest of course there are
plenty of theories one psychic claimed
that huge amounts of positive and
negative energies clashed on the spot
where the forest grew but less
clairvoyant individuals believe that the
reason is solely geological the area's
sandy soil is too unstable to hold
straight trees the most popular idea is
that strong winds blowing from the water
influence the shape of the trees in any
case no final conclusion has been drawn
if you've learned about at least one new
mysterious place then give this video a
like also tell us in the comments which
place you would dare to visit and why
see you next time on the bright side of
life